fix(mcpserver): ignore runtime token-exchange creds in ConfigurationChanged (#940)
giantswarm/muster: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - MCPServers using RFC 8693 token exchange no longer restart on every reconcile pass. The token-exchange connection path in `connection_helper.go` mutated `serverInfo.AuthConfig.TokenExchange` in place — but `AuthConfig`/`TokenExchange` are pointers shared with the registry's MCPServer definition (`orchestrator.go`: `AuthConfig: definition.Auth`), which is the exact object `MCPServerReconciler.ConfigurationChanged` compares against the CR. Each connection wrote the runtime-resolved `ClientID`/`ClientSecret` (tagged `json:"-" yaml:"-"`) and, for any server with `requiredAudiences`, appended cross-client audience scopes onto the shared `Scopes`. The stored definition then permanently differed from the CR-derived one, so the reconciler tore down and reconnected the MCPServer every ~10-15s; a tool call landing in the restart/reauth window failed with `authentication required` / `user not authenticated to server`. The connection now applies these per-connection mutations to a value copy of the config (mirroring `server.go`), so the shared definition is never modified. As defense-in-depth, `ConfigurationChanged` also ignores the runtime-only `ClientID`/`ClientSecret` credential fields while still detecting every spec change (including a genuine `scopes` change). ([#37060](https://github.com/giantswarm/giantswarm/issues/37060))

Reviewer: The entry carries the full root-cause narrative (pointer sharing, `orchestrator.go` internals, the churn mechanism). CHANGELOG should say what the consumer gets; the why is already well captured in the PR body. Suggest trimming:

```suggestion
- MCPServers using RFC 8693 token exchange no longer restart on every reconcile pass (~every 10-15s), which previously caused intermittent `authentication required` / `user not authenticated to server` errors on tool calls landing in the restart window. ([#37060](https://github.com/giantswarm/giantswarm/issues/37060))
```
